here we are at the finish line in punta
del este uruguay welcoming
testing citation with Conrad Coleman and
Adrienne Kat LOL
fantastic leg they've had really tough
tough upwind for the first half of the
race some smoking hot sailing as they
approach Cape Horn to people who have
gone round capable for the first time on
their class 40 Cessna Citation winning
leg 3 into punta de les
figuring out my guy
hey all right Adrian congratulations 31
days six thousand three hundred miles
would you go back and do it again
absolutely yeah sign me up the next one
seriously yeah I yeah I know as far as
fantastic saving was just full up no
sorry I mean in that in that six
thousand three hundred miles you had
just about everything throwing up a lot
about win stroll out with a lot of
strong down wind the wind too much can't
by the way I suppose yeah analytics and
icebergs yeah we got the Radel medley of
everything added a few gray hairs I
think yeah how do those look it's him
yeah were they you know come to master
lured we're in the middle of the sale
change in the air agent looked up and
say hey something over there I was sort
of hoping was a bright ray of sunshine
but no it was not perfect and was there
any moment you actually told on earth am
i doing you know I'd signed up for the
worst
I mean the worst part was actually got
not the gaels but they comes that
they're on every book you read is about
55 south and learning gale and all the
rest of it wrong I'm sitting there
twiddling our thumbs looking stupid
below freezing sitting on deck not a
breath lead you know well as hell what's
just up and I'm marker come along and
once you got out of it and you you're
approaching Cape Horn even a scenario
where you have our on this Gale and that
was a pretty I mean you were going
really fast 13 14 ozs well we've done it
before you remember yes yeah so there
was some pressure there to get moving
you know there's no question we were
some tension we got going we kept going
you know Angie I mean you went round
Cape Horn I mean you were 80 miles age
of seven miles off or something say but
I mean still a momentous occasion now
yeah yeah absolutely and it gives me a
good a few to come back next time I get
closer and physically and
psychologically we all in one piece yeah
nicely and the bear and the Cessna
Citation held up oh what a rocket ship
well as it and it just takes a hiding
and comes back for more amazing amazing
Oh in my standard your push picked out a
bit bit buckled in her inner taking in a
refilling well yeah I mean that was just
a moment of stability actually but
otherwise structurally especially
applying and what's really impressive is
that was was not when we were coming on
the horn we didn't actually have that
much win there and we got a proper blow
and we were burying into the depression
on the way up here past the Falklands
and Henry had 50 knots at times and but
certainly sustained 40s and boat speeds
ah mid twenties relatively regularly and
it's astonishing about just give travel
in upwind throwing up these rain squalls
and you just come down and bang bang
whoa that's another one it was a one
specific in my life
oh good i mean the start the horn the
scoring gate yeah i mean reverse that
equation was pretty special in first in
here with me and so so yeah pretty happy
what happened perfect thank you very
much of both enjoyed puts the list well
soho